android-here-sdk-dist
=====================

Android PayPal Here SDK

This repository contains the distrbutable artifacts of the Android PayPalHereSDK. Here are some quick tips to help you get started:

Gettting Started Guide:
=======================
1. The folder named docs contains a getting started guide that gives a comprehensive overview what it means to develop apps using the PayPal Here SDK.
2. The folder named sample_server has a doc that explains the setup procedure and also contains tips on getting started with the sample server. Setting up your own autthentication server is a one time step and we highly encourage setting up the server before getting started with anything else.
3. The folder name samples contains a Sample App. At this point, this folder contains just a single sample app but we will expand this in future with more apps and more examples of various use cases. The sample app is heavily documented and commented to help navigate the developer through the various steps.
4. The folder name sdk contains the actual output you are interested in - the PayPalHere SDK built as a java jar that can be integrated into your android app. This same jar is integrated with the sample app.

API Docs:
=========
In addition to the getting started document, there is an API document that can be accessed from the folder under docs/api. The API docs are generated by Java doc.

Between the Getting started guide, the sample app and the java doc - there is plenty of documentation to understand the SDK and its various APIs.

Android Device Compatability:
==============================
The SDK itself is comptabile with Android operating systems Gingerbread and above. The SDK does work with peripheral devices for taking in card swipe inputs and not all Android devices support the PayPal swipers. Please reach out to your friendly PayPal rep for more details on compatability for your specific Android device.

Known Issues and upcoming features:
===================================
Depending on the Android device used, the card swipers have some inconsistency in propagating the events into the SDK layer. We are actively working on this issue and expect to update the SDK with hot fixes and patches to support a wider range of devices.

Happy Coding!
